README.md, before:

This is my version of https://github.com/freshstudio/Toshinou <br>
Join my discord for questions, answers and just cheeky breeky talk https://discord.gg/hqf76ht<br>
Although no bans have been issued yet, <b>use at your own risk!!!</b> <br>
<b>I am not responsible if you get banned!</b>

<b>Coming Soon</b>:
  - Better and overhauled logic ;)

<b>To-Do</b>:
  - Re-design ugly menu.
  - Save menu settings.
  - Improve NPC Killing and Boxing algorithm.
  - Improve Circle algorithm.
  - Improve map travelling algorithm.
  - Fix drawing smaller/bigger maps.
  - Fix clicking on map to move.
  - Add different NPC prioritizing.
  - Add player name sniping ;) In case you want to lock on someone specific couse why not ;)
  - Add booty boxes collector.
  - AND SO MUCH MORE! XD

<b>Changelog</b>:
  - Changed: Exclude NPCs list to even bigger from 200px to 300px.
  - Added: More enemies to the exclude NPCs list not sure if all are correct but better safe than sorry. (Report Problems)
  - Added: Start/Stop button.
  - Fixed: Exclude NPCs list too small from 100px to 200px.
  - Added: Demaner and Devourer NPCs to exclude NPCs list.
  - Added: Option to exclude NPCs for autolock key.
  - Added: Option to auto attack Player and/or NPC after pressing autolock key.
  - Fixed: Browser resizing when moving windows in corner.
  - Added: Option to not chase NPC.



Toshinou
==========
A cheat/tool/bot/whatever for a browser flash game named DarkOrbit.
It does some pretty neat stuff and is still under heavy development.
For more information join the Discord! https://discordapp.com/invite/6awg2te

How to install/use?
----------

### Chrome/Chromium
1. Click on Clone or download > Download ZIP
2. Extract the archive
3. Install Fiddler
4. Enable in Fiddler > Tools > Options > HTTPS > Capture HTTPS CONNECTs
5. Enable in Fiddler > Tools > Options > HTTPS > Decrypt HTTPS traffic
6. Enable in Fiddler > AutoResponder > Enable Rules
7. Enable in Fiddler > AutoResponder > Unmatched requests passthrough 
8. Add rule in Fiddler > AutoResponder > Add Rule > Name it main.swf and in the second text box choose Find a file >
 Select main.swf located in the SWF folder where you extracted the archive
9. Add rule in Fiddler > AutoResponder > Add Rule > Name it preloader.swf and in the second text box choose Find a file >
 Select preloader.swf located in the SWF folder where you extracted the archive
10. Export certificate in Fiddler > Tools > Options > HTTPS > Actions > Export Root Certificate to Desktop
11. In Chrome > Settings > Manage certificates > Import > Next > Browse > Select FiddlerRoot.cer from desktop >
 Automatically select the certificate based on the type of certificate > Finish
12. Enable in Chrome > Extensions > Developer Mode
13. Add extension in Chrome > Extensions > Load Unpacked Extension > Select the src folder located where you extracted the archive
14. Enable in incognito in Chrome > Extensions > Toshinou-Pendramon > Allow in Incognito
15. Start darkorbit in incognito tab.
16. DONE

<b>NOTE</b>: After a while Fiddler will begin to consume more memory to stop this from happening either close it after you
load into game or in Fiddler > Keep: All sessions > Set it to Keep: 100 sessions

Issues
----------
Some extensions might interfere with Fiddler if you have any try disabling them all. <br>
If the tool doesn't work, try to use Private mode/Incognito. <br>
Other situations should be reported in [issues](../../issues) (game updates are fine there too).

Commit message:

Added: Game Update and Fixes!

README.md, after:

This is my version of https://github.com/freshstudio/Toshinou <br>
Join my discord for questions, answers and just cheeky breeky talk https://discord.gg/hqf76ht<br>
Although no bans have been issued yet, <b>use at your own risk!!!</b> <br>
<b>I am NOT responsible if you get banned!</b> <br>
<b>WHEN UPDATING SECURITY CHECKS ARE NOT DONE, BOT IS ONLY TESTED TO WORK</b><br>

<b>==========</b><br>

New logic implemented prematurely for new boxes if you run into any problems open up an issue or post in discord <br>

<b>To-Do</b>:
  - Re-design ugly menu.
  - Save menu settings.
  - Improve Circle algorithm.
  - Improve map travelling algorithm.
  - Fix drawing smaller/bigger maps.
  - Fix clicking on map to move.
  - Add different NPC prioritizing.
  - Add player name sniping ;) In case you want to lock on someone specific couse why not ;)
  - Add booty boxes collector.
  - AND SO MUCH MORE! XD

<b>Changelog</b>:
  - Update: Updated to latest game version.
  - Added: New event boxes YURIS BONUS BOX
  - Added: New logic overhaul, not complete missing Circle NPCs and  Don't chase NPCs. Now collects near-by boxes when fighting! To gain most out of the new logic farm NPCs which you can kill in a few shots!
  - Changed: Locking/Attacking/Switching targets is now faster!
  - Changed: Exclude NPCs list to even bigger from 200px to 300px.
  - Added: More enemies to the exclude NPCs list not sure if all are correct but better safe than sorry. (Report Problems)
  - Added: Start/Stop button.
  - Fixed: Exclude NPCs list too small from 100px to 200px.
  - Added: Demaner and Devourer NPCs to exclude NPCs list.
  - Added: Option to exclude NPCs for autolock key.
  - Added: Option to auto attack Player and/or NPC after pressing autolock key.
  - Fixed: Browser resizing when moving windows in corner.
  - Added: Option to not chase NPC.



Toshinou
==========
A cheat/tool/bot/whatever for a browser flash game named DarkOrbit.
It does some pretty neat stuff and is still under heavy development.
For more information join the Discord! https://discordapp.com/invite/6awg2te

How to install/use?
----------

### Chrome/Chromium
1. Click on Clone or download > Download ZIP
2. Extract the archive
3. Install Fiddler
4. Enable in Fiddler > Tools > Options > HTTPS > Capture HTTPS CONNECTs
5. Enable in Fiddler > Tools > Options > HTTPS > Decrypt HTTPS traffic
6. Enable in Fiddler > AutoResponder > Enable Rules
7. Enable in Fiddler > AutoResponder > Unmatched requests passthrough 
8. Add rule in Fiddler > AutoResponder > Add Rule > Name it main.swf and in the second text box choose Find a file >
 Select main.swf located in the SWF folder where you extracted the archive
9. Add rule in Fiddler > AutoResponder > Add Rule > Name it preloader.swf and in the second text box choose Find a file >
 Select preloader.swf located in the SWF folder where you extracted the archive
10. Export certificate in Fiddler > Tools > Options > HTTPS > Actions > Export Root Certificate to Desktop
11. In Chrome > Settings > Manage certificates > Import > Next > Browse > Select FiddlerRoot.cer from desktop >
 Automatically select the certificate based on the type of certificate > Finish
12. Enable in Chrome > Extensions > Developer Mode
13. Add extension in Chrome > Extensions > Load Unpacked Extension > Select the src folder located where you extracted the archive
14. Enable in incognito in Chrome > Extensions > Toshinou-Pendramon > Allow in Incognito
15. Start darkorbit in incognito tab.
16. DONE

<b>NOTE</b>: After a while Fiddler will begin to consume more memory to stop this from happening either close it after you
load into game or in Fiddler > Keep: All sessions > Set it to Keep: 100 sessions

Issues
----------
Some extensions might interfere with Fiddler if you have any try disabling them all. <br>
If the tool doesn't work, try to use Private mode/Incognito. <br>
Other situations should be reported in [issues](../../issues) (game updates are fine there too).
